Suggestions for golang PURL type (#196)
package-url/purl-spec: PURL-TYPES.rst

- There is no default package repository: this is implied in the namespace
  using the ``go get`` command conventions.

> - The ``namespace`` and `name` must be lowercased.

Reviewer: where is the namespace/name spec gone? 
see https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/issues/308

> - The ``namespace`` and `name` must be lowercased.

Author: @jkowalleck your Issue adds more nuance to this problem, so I left a link in there to an argument against namespaces for Go : https://github.com/package-url/purl-spec/issues/63#issuecomment-1276924737 

to expedite this PR, I'll just revert this line for now.

> - The ``version`` for modules should be semver with a v prefix, or a pseudo-version that points to an untagged commit.

Reviewer 2: `pseudo-version` is a bit wiggly language. 
```suggestion
- The ``version`` may be empty. Otherwise, it may start with a lower case "v" followed by a valid semver version or consist of a sha-1 or short sha-1 git commit hash.
```

Reviewer 2: @matt-phylum 
snipping off the "v"
> 0.0.0-20170915032832-14c0d48ead0c

And then running it through the regexp provided here:
https://semver.org/#is-there-a-suggested-regular-expression-regex-to-check-a-semver-string
```js
const regexSemverNumberedGroups =
    /^(0|[1-9]\d*)\.(0|[1-9]\d*)\.(0|[1-9]\d*)(?:-((?:0|[1-9]\d*|\d*[a-zA-Z-][0-9a-zA-Z-]*)(?:\.(?:0|[1-9]\d*|\d*[a-zA-Z-][0-9a-zA-Z-]*))*))?(?:\+([0-9a-zA-Z-]+(?:\.[0-9a-zA-Z-]+)*))?$/
```
Results in...
```js
regexSemverNumberedGroups.exec('0.0.0-20170915032832-14c0d48ead0c')
// =>['0.0.0-20170915032832-14c0d48ead0c', '0', '0', '0', '20170915032832-14c0d48ead0c', undefined, index: 0, input: '0.0.0-20170915032832-14c0d48ead0c', groups: undefined]
```
a valid parse. Semver can have a trailing `-20170915032832-14c0d48ead0c` is considered metadata.

Reviewer 3: It _looks_ like semver, but it's not semver. Even if it can be parsed using a semver parser, it has none of the semantics of semantic versioning.

Pseudo-versions and regular versions can never be compared without access to the repository history. If a repository has a v1.0.0, there is almost certainly a v0.0.0-* pseudo-version which is logically greater than the v1.0.0.

Pseudo-versions can be compared with other pseudo-versions based on date, but dates do not have the same semantics as version numbers because they don't capture branching information. If there's a problem affecting v1.0.0..v1.0.1 and v2.0.0..v2.0.1, that problem is also affecting the pseudo-versions for those commits and any unreleased commits within those version ranges, and date ordering fails for commits that are made on branches parallel to the fix, or for commits that are made on the v1 series after the v2 series has been fixed but before the v1 series has been fixed. If you sorted the pseudo-versions and visualized whether they are affected or not, the result would be more like a noisy gradient than the sharp edge normally implied by those version ranges.

It's an inherent problem with the tooling trying to create versions for arbitrary commits, not a lack of library support.

Reviewer 4: Here are some docs on pseudo-versions: https://go.dev/ref/mod#pseudo-versions We could link those from the docs to clarify what the language is referring to

Reviewer 3: I was wrong about this. Until today, I had only ever seen pseudo-versions that started with v0.0.0. Even in the documentation about pseudo-versions, every example given starts with v0.0.0. However, there are actually pseudo-versions that start with other prefixes--they are just much less common in the data that I normally deal with. You _can_ treat it as regular semver.

Example of a non-v0.0.0 pseudo-version:
```
$ go get github.com/spf13/cobra@756ba6dad61458cbbf7abecfc502d230574c57d2
go: downloading github.com/spf13/cobra v1.8.2-0.20240728161807-756ba6dad614
```

1.8.2-0.20240728161807-756ba6dad614 follows after v1.8.1. There is not yet a tagged 1.8.2 release. This follows the usual semver behavior of being a prerelease greater than the previous release and less than the next release.

It's still not _really_ semver because in this example you can't infer whether one 1.8.2 pseudo-version comes before or after another in commit order, but that's a much more minor difference. In most cases it doesn't matter and it's probably not worth calling attention to beyond just linking to the pseudo-version documentation or just mentioning that it may be a pseudo-version.

Reviewer 2: @matt-phylum Cool! I think I covered that on the JS implementation [here](https://github.com/package-url/packageurl-js/blob/master/src/package-url.js#L248-L254).

Reviewer 2: This has been codified in `packageurl-js`'s [v2.0.0](https://www.npmjs.com/package/packageurl-js/v/2.0.0) release 🎉

Author: > - The ``version`` may be empty.

I think this is implicit based on `PURL-SPECIFICATION`: `The version is prefixed by a '@' separator when not empty`. If we added it here, seemed like it should be included in every other type too? (other than OCI an Swift, apparently)

>  Otherwise, it may start with a lowercased "v" followed by a valid semver version or consist of a sha-1 or short sha-1 git commit hash.

Since Go supports multiple VCS systems, how about something like this?

```
The `version` may start with a lowercased "v" followed by a semantic version or a Go "pseudo-version", which consists of a semantic version followed by a timestamp and revision identifier.
```

- Examples::

      pkg:golang/github.com/gorilla/context@v1.1.1

>       pkg:golang/google.golang.org/genproto#googleapis/api/annotations

Reviewer 2: ☝️ This still leaves an empty version example without while removing the mention from the `version` description

Author: mentioned this above, but `PURL-SPECIFICATION` indicates that versions can be empty

- Examples::

      pkg:golang/github.com/gorilla/context@234fd47e07d1004f0aed9c
      pkg:golang/github.com/gorilla/context@v1.1.1
      pkg:golang/google.golang.org/genproto#googleapis/api/annotations

>       pkg:golang/github.com/gorilla/context@234fd47e07d1004f0aed9c#api

Reviewer 2: Please keep one of the github sha-1 hash examples in

Reviewer 3: At least for modern Go tools, it should be a pseudo-version, not a bare commit ID like it is now: https://go.dev/doc/modules/version-numbers#in-development
